Depenancy Injection
shallow and deepcopy
How to trigger flow from another flow
Have you worked on Localization?
What is the large object heap?
How the genarations works? how the garbage collector knows when to move where what to look for where
Suppose i have an assembly called A.dll Version 1.0, i created another version of A.dll version 2.0 can i register both the dll in GAC
What do mean by strong name assembly?
Any .net DLL can i register in the GAC?
There is an requirement to share the dll between multiple application, How do you acheive that?
How we can make application threadsafe?
What are the differences between the Azure Storage Queue and the Azure Service Bus Queue?
What are the commands to setup SharePoint Framework?
What is the difference between Azure Blob Storage and Azure Data Lake Storage Gen2?
What is "asynchronous" and "synchronous" in programming?
How to do Internal Testing in C#/ASP.NET framework
What are Property Accessors?
Difference between ASP.NET Framework, ASP.NET Core and ASP.NET MVC
Difference between LINQ and SQL when it comes to ASP.NET
Explain the garbage collection process?
When to use ASP.NET Core and ASP.NET MVC?
How to handle pagination in C# (ASP.NET Framework)?
What is the difference between JavaScript Object and JSON Object?
What is IN type parameter in C#? How does it differ from OUT and REF type parameter in C#?
What do you mean by the 'Weak Encapsulation' and 'Strong Encapsulation' in OOPS?
Why extends is known as evil in any Object-Oriented Programming Language?
Why appsettings keys (in web.config) are not case sensitive ?
what is a Bitarray class?
How do you implement a YouTube kind of portal using Azure and.NET platforms?
What is main diff b/w ADO.NET and Entity Freamwork?
Differentiate ExecuteNonQuery and ExecuteSclar and give the example for both?
What is Entity Framework and Benefit of Entity Framework?
What is ADO .NET and what is difference between ADO and ADO.NET?
What do you know about ADO.NET’s objects and methods?
Stored Procedure returns data from multiple tables. How to access it in your ASP.Net code?
How to make infinite timeout in Connection String?
How to load schema in ADO.Net?
What is differance b/w Dataview and Datatable?
What are good ADO.NET object(s) to replace the ADO Recordset object?
How can you provide an alternating color scheme in a Repeater control?
Why is ADO.NET serialization slower than ADO ?
What is typed dataset
What DataReader class do in ADO.NET ?
Define different execute methods of ADO.NET command object ?
Portable executable
